x q6 arrives on the kit platform with a multi-
million dollar contract wismichu sends a
hint to Dallas review after his
interview Green banned indefinitely
from the purple platform princessita 1331
or pan visits 1331 as you want
harshly criticizes the people who have not supported
his friend joya coches in the move with
Beijing revenant criticizes the
bellum organization for how they have
handled things chocas defends
that his series has not been
controversial at all Agustín 51 talks about the
toxicity surrounding this series belum
Abby karcher's girlfriend claims that she
still cannot stop losing followers and goes and
complains about the lvp jerrymoala lía and
leaks her friend jailyn's relationship
with 6ix9ine without wanting to Aida merlano
laughs directly hard with her leg all this
and much more here today my goodness, what a
video, make yourselves comfortable, what a gossip
family Thank you so much for the support you
have given to the last video but
the truth is that I still feel that this one
aspires more I need  your support
even stronger and This video is worth it
This video gives me the feeling that it's
worth it I'm going to tell you many
interesting things but you have to
get used to
pressing the like button every time you enter the video
even if you don't know if you're going to like the video
Because I assure you that you will like it
because you want me to keep uploading
gossip And because I'm giving away a
video game every day on this channel pay
close attention Because at any time in the
video you'll see a code that
you can redeem for a video game And if it
's late today It's okay you
subscribe by activating the bell and
try to be the first to enter every
day in the videos that I upload which every
day is more or less at the same time
Now without spamming you any more get
comfortable and let's get down to business one of the
most important news
today is the megabomb announcement as I would
say or as I would say on teles salseo
also not megabomb
xqc Or excusey whatever you want to call it
signing for koi with a hyper
mega contract  millionaire turns out to make this
contract that would surely include
games at casinos you know those
little things not from the games at the moment it would
start with a base of 70 million
dollars fixed plus about 30 million
extra that he can earn from
extra benefits for compensation for hours and
such I imagine that was it basically
we are talking about a contract of 100
million dollars for two years that let's
see I would sign for 100,000 Kick if he
wants to sign me for 100,000 I'll sign you eh
For 100,000 I'm cheaper Kick
contact me And by the way auronplay just
published this tweet responding to
another user on Twitter in which well it
implies that Kick would have
also offered him things okay
auronplay is joking about this subject
but between joke and joke the truth is there are
more so we'll see where it
comes out Also I also tell you eh
apparently at this point after exactly one day
both wismichu and his
entourage would have  already swallowed the four
hours of interview he gave the other day, he
gives the review on the channel without fear of
success, which by the way we were
commenting on in yesterday's video,
yesterday's video, today's live, and
today's video from the salsería La Movida,
is that he doesn't miss anything as good
followers and he didn't want to miss
the opportunity to throw in some barbs.
Uy michu would be sharing on his
Twitter with a like this tweet that you
are seeing on screen in which he
cuts out precisely the clip in which
Dallas claims that he would have a debate with
Hitler himself, I don't know Uncle Hitler,
in reality, the truth is that he was a machine, he
was a [ __ ] machine, obviously
this clip was not taken out of context and
these people, as it could not be
otherwise, have used it against him,
turning it around and so on. But
basically the interesting context of
this answer is the following: It would be
good, a person who is really the
most hated person in the world after
Justin Bieber.
It would be good to talk to this gentleman and
ask him because I think it would be
like talking to a religious person but on a
philosophical level because he has his
philosophy. Absurd, well, he had like
Religious people have a faith, but a
very fanatic, very extremist religious person,
what question, for example, would you like to
ask him, like, what is perhaps one of the
greatest curiosities that you have? I would
like to ask him for the proof that
he has, the proof that he had at the time when he
wrote that book that
the Jews were really the cause of
the problems because evidently the
Jews had many businesses, just like
today, but just because you were Jewish didn't
automatically have your business. The
majority of Jews. Well, they were normal,
everyday people earning the normal amount. There were
some who had businesses,
obviously. But that doesn't mean
that all of them were. So he
simply spouted dogmas and created this
feeling of hatred against a class, in
this case, the Jews, but he didn't
have any solid basis for saying
something like that. It would be good to have a debate
with him, not a talk of admiration
like he had with a scientist, but a
debate with him, a debate with Hitler. That would be
that. The Betas. That's the Betas, eh? But I
also tell you that there will be many people
who might say, wow, how crazy not to
mention Hitler, but I think that more than
one would like it. In fact, there are many
people who love history, who
love to know more.  and what do these types
of personalities say because they are people
who have had a huge impact on the
history of humanity and wow it is
peculiar to say the least I say Hitler
because I also like it I like the
role of the devil's advocate although I did not
want this man to be a lawyer of course but
rather I like it in the sense of touching on
topics that people do not like to touch on or
going for things that make people
feel uncomfortable as you can see as always
the complete context changes
things a lot little princess 1,331 wanted to give her
opinion on all the harassment that
Beijing is receiving and basically I do not know
how you understand this click that we are going to
see next but I think
that she literally justifies it the
first thing she says is that people have
been asking her to try to stop or
ask that the harassment of Beijing be stopped
comparing it with the harassment that she is supposed to have
received and little princess says
no that the
harassment that Beijing has received has nothing to do with it because it
is not the same as what
Beijing has done what she has done she lobbies
the thing on networks for having done
very bad things and them simply for
putting up with it and then
at some point I have  directed
harassment at her you understand and a lot of
people telling me Paula I don't know why you don't
defend her And it's that you have weighed the
same harassment I don't know what I have not
dedicated myself to people I have not dedicated myself to
posting tweets I have never
dedicated myself nz I have never
dedicated myself to harassing anyone I say I have been
massively harassed massively not massively no
but putting flipas
for using is that in Street for being a fan of
X people at a certain time and because you
go because I do not understand You understand me
You are comparing a case of directing a
thing a person who has really been a
bad person in the past with directing
a thing a girl in this case me for
literally using cleavage in Stream you
understand me I think they are I think that my harassment
is unjustifiable in any type of case
the gentleman the harassment It is never justifiable
okay but [ __ ] You can't protect
both cases [ __ ] like it's not that there are
people who were comparing me to
her what I say [ __ ] But you are
[ __ ] like I mean it has
nothing to do this is what  what
princess says But of course I think that
princess is very far from
reality she has already forgotten all the
messages that she has sent towards
men and towards some
content creators Like for example this is here this is
where men are denigrated
but they live off them yes I am yes I am yes I am
and I do not have I do not have any kind of
resentment or shame about it
but none absolutely none
men what are they for to give you
money what are they going to be good for
absolutely anything else What can
a man do who can't do a woman
absolutely anything honey give you money she
says that Beijing should
constantly demonstrate that she has changed that it has
not yet been Of course she is not the same person from 2013 constructive criticism say an opinion of the stick Hey billín maybe you could do these things to show that you have changed as a person like what I have done right now in the Stream okay Now
I in the Stream I just said that for
example it would seem quite correct to me if she
did certain actions or that
she publicly showed that she has really
changed her way of thinking that it
seems incredible to her that there are people who
encourage harassment towards others
making reference I think while
of the  series expel the truck [ __ ]
with The good thing is that
this is supported enough to kick him out I
think with a warning
The kid would have found out and
absolutely nothing would have happened
what seemed super unfair to me is
that there are people who dedicate themselves to
bullying at stratospheric levels on the
internet and a series is taken into account
and there are people who throw it out because
when you could talk to her I do
n't understand man in the double
measuring bar I understand nothing also she complained that
she has been banned from her channel when
she hasn't done anything however
she encouraged harassment against the
canyon [ __ ] when she opened her String
answering
her and I tell you two things bathe from your
channel Why when I haven't told you anything
second you can't also go doing
that and then open your Stream encouraging
harassment towards him you know that it doesn't
seem right to me either because Virginia opened
directly and said that trucks I don't know what that
if he could walk I don't know how many And that
when Dallas made the video to [ __ ]
trucks the other day villin should have
stopped him for some reason I
want you  defend but there's no
need to send the thing to him either, you know,
it's a bit of a throw of the ball to the other roof, you
know how to say, It's not that he's
costing me, it's not that he has cost
me, it's that I don't know what To cause that
he's going to be harassed
And if you are such good friends with Dallas or yes or if
you have a relationship with Dallas because it is
known it is publicly known that Beijing and
Dada are friends or acquaintances or they talk to each other, you
understand? Well, tell him something if he releases a
video against [ __ ] you don't complain about being
harassed but if it's against him it does
n't make sense and of
course he didn't want to miss
the opportunity to criticize the supposed
double standard hypocrisy of the
Belong Organization that would not act
according to little princess in an identical way with
people who are more important or have more
followers than others obviously has not
acted well has not acted the way he should have
acted he should have
saved himself the comment of well I'm not
saying it I'm not going to say it I'm already
saying it you but it doesn't
seem to me of a magnitude that you say
organization go and talk like  since he
says hey you did that wrong [ __ ]
apologizes he won't do it again it wouldn't be
this and nothing happens and in How
things are measured depends on how you continue How much
impact you have Ah you are a
[ __ ] stalker but you have you are friends
with you have numbers on Twitch we invite you
to the series the contacts you are one so
then I
mean me on Twitter in part I
like to give takes to make
people think and to raise things that maybe
are a little more that can
help people you know not so much you do
n't understand me I think it doesn't get anywhere I think it doesn't
get
anywhere the problem is that they
call themselves they lick the air but that that
takes Knowing for a long time friend
at least since what happened to me happened to me
the first time I went there
you know where and how much I hung out a bit
with the elite I already saw it but it's hard to see
streamers who have friends who are not
streamers that or who show it
publicly who would say that for visit
1,331 he would end up giving me reason in the
behavior of the elite  what I
find curious is that
a lot of people say this kind of things you're going to
see next I don't know if you remember
revenant he's a boy who well let's
see I have nothing against him he
called me a chauvinist on one occasion and I
consider that he is not the smartest in the
class I consider that the boy is very fine he is
not into the move that has gone viral on
Twitter this click in which revenant who
in his day became popular for making
jokes insinuating that Dallas was a
pedophile and ended up denounced by Dallas
And in this click he harshly criticizes the
bellum organization and also all
the elite content creators
who according to what he says reveal that they
suck each other's [ __ ] it seems terrible to
revenant according to what he is commenting on this
clip whitewash Beijing that
a Nazi is whitewashed and that let's see when we
realize that we should not invite
certain people to series more certain
creators there is Rush because you already know
that we are with the ras de
bellum series this one that by the way is coming out
very well the bellum series I don't know  if you
're watching it it's going very well
a lot of things are happening people who
don't criticize anyone or say anything
and those who are criticized defend themselves by saying that they have been told things that I don't know what people whitewashing Nazis no weird moves everything is [ __ ] great there everything is great I mean everything is basically what's happening in belu is a person does something that in reality they didn't
do anything okay And since the one who does it
is not a very influential person
everything else is sucking his dick and
throwing it at the other okay that's what's
happening nobody says it but that's how it is okay
then well things like that are really
disgusting but that's how Twitch is
today if you're big it's okay what you
've done bro absolutely nothing is wrong
let's come here to suck your dick all
[ __ ] day just in case it's not
convenient for us not to do it anyway instead of
throwing a couple of balls and not inviting
the people that shouldn't be invited to that
[ __ ] series I [ __ ] on God how [ __ ] disgusting
that revenant is super outraged
because people don't give him a  pair of
balls to criticize the biggest streamers
for convenience Okay According to
revenant they don't blame the
big ones for their mistakes and they can do whatever they want they're
not going to cancel them and they're
going to eat their balls for convenience
all this would be perfect and I would
completely agree with his opinion
if it weren't for the fact that there are some who
are even getting off bellum people
like anunús and others How many have I
heard say that they are getting off belong
all of these are invited to the
device evening as an audience to walk through the
photocall with their VIP ticket take a
picture gain ibai followers and they don't
have the balls none of the invitation
having coscu as the protagonist of the
evening all these I didn't defend coscu
I don't need to defend anyone I just
get involved in those things All facts that they
are throwing a lot of balls at Beijing
none of them have the balls to do the
same and reject the invitation to
ibai's evening 3 Why Because they don't
think more of what Coco has done No I don't
want respect No because they don't have the
balls for the dance to close the door and
Bye And everything that moves besides not
only that but  that this guy as
always is taking advantage of the
virality of the topic and of feeling
supported by the mob here I am
showing you a couple of occasions
in which he did not care at all about
Beijing's behavior a
decade ago I notice you are still a little resentful it is
that I owe you a shot man I
still owe you a shot but I am not going to
give it to you I am not going to give it to you because if this is never
going to end I
think there is an opportunity here
calm down, he
blew me up man I blew me up he
blew me up if it didn't reach him if it didn't reach him what a
revenant there you did not care
that one if she shot you eh in a
game be careful on their part choca
says that what is being reflected
on Twitter and in the gossip channels what is being
talked about what is
generating the most movement does not
fairly reflect what this series has truly meant
to all the participants
And the thing is that really Although what has
stood out in this series has been the
movement the toxicity the fight really
only that would have been a small
percentage of the series that
millions of viewers have gone through and  have
enjoyed it and well basically
generally most of the time
in most of the pops well everything has
been in order and the thing with Pereira and [ __ ]
trucks have been specific things but it does
not represent any reality
it is that the series has gone very well whether you
liked it more or
less both our decisions and the
series itself like the pvs that is
your decision and it is subjective but objectively
the series has been spectacular the
server has worked very well people
have constantly had conflicts and
moments of impact shock and there have
been interactions which is what you
look for in a series like this and in
general the series has fulfilled what
was promised which was a series that
people a little calmer were going to see
Looking for another type of experience and a
series that was generally going to be warlike
in which there were going to be piques insults
drama and pvp which is what was promised or
what What did you expect to be in the
series the series was what I promised you it was
going to be that there was a problem with
Pereira and that there was a problem with
foliage and such well it's normal  [ __ ] it doesn't
seem like much to me [ __ ] but what are we
talking about 220 participants dude it doesn't
seem like much to me yes it's true that there have
been several specific things because he hasn't been there
Only the thing with Pereira in
fact I think we have talked about like
four cases of meta Gaming that have had
issues bans temporary punishments
and things like that But anyway
basically in the end he explains that everything
is resolved that it has been done well
both with Pereira and with foia coches
as with everyone and I think he has ended up
quite burned out from organizing the series and
that there won't be another one for a long time
and by the way everything has been resolved
well already I just had a talk with
Pereira everything is fine everything correct on my
part that's it we have talked things over
privately which is what we should have
done at some point from the
beginning I have to recognize as I
told you 3 days ago it makes no sense for us to
have any kind of discussion
But it's okay it's a bit of drama it's a
bit of whining on his part on my
part we both defend our point
of view That's it we don't have to give it more
importance what happened was what happened there was
a situation and  whether
mg did it or not the rules pointed in one direction
the evidence pointed in another direction and I
had to defend my administration and I
did and we both
understood it and it's solved now there's
no problem the same with follaca Oh
poor follaca I don't know what to [ __ ] who
spoke to me privately and
admitted his part of the blame and I
admitted my cool side and that's it and nothing
happens any
other way but the decisions were
made the right way and he
understood what had happened and that's it Oh it
seems terrible to me whatever you want
for that you have Twitter and it seems
right to me but suck my [ __ ] dick the
management has been correct we did the
right thing in another series are other
moments or circumstances could have
acted differently
probably yes and I don't give a damn we
selected things as we could we
did quite a bit and the drama that there was was
stupid within reason it was
stupid then he also
started fighting with his chat because
there were people who were throwing in his
face that in other series there wasn't so much
toxicity and so many things like really I do
n't know what he saw  people
then mention the drama that the
twitchca had really do you not remember the plot
that was much bigger than this there
was no drama either no no there was no drama How
little memory some of you have eh How little
memory some of you have I promise you that I am
going to give you this news and that I am not
happy about it okay but I have to
tell you that I told you and that in the end not
only time but in a few
hours I have been proven right because it
was basically logical if you are not
a little kid who does not know about life
or that you are stupid yesterday or the day
before yesterday in one of these last
videos of all the Venom controversies
when we were commenting on
Green hertz's comments I don't know if it is
pronounced Green or Green and I insist I am not
happy because I do not know this kid I do
not know if he is good or bad the only thing I
know is that he is a friend of yo Juan and that it is usually
quite black humor that I do not find
funny personally but well he
does it and I was telling you that the
things that this boy was saying in
his live shows are not only that they
should be bannable  bellum but
I'm completely sure it was
for a ban on Twitch
[ __ ]
the guy was shouting goraeta goraeta
[ __ ] I don't need to give you the
context what that means
[Music]
But anyway basically if you're Spanish
it's a cry of praise, apology and
Well, applause for a terrorist group
that has been active in Spain for many years
with more than 800 deaths and not
only that but it has also
disguised itself, it has done a lot of things
in defense of terrorism in many
countries. I really sincerely
understand the humor, you're not going to see, I don't
understand it, I mean, honestly, it
's not funny to me at all and I told you, I told you that this was definitely bannable And well, they've banned him, I mean, they've banned him indefinitely on Twitch. I imagine that the punishment will be heavy and I imagine that in this time, very
probably what he will do will be either take a
vacation and upload content on
YouTube in the meantime or here, take advantage of it here and
offer him something because the truth is that the
guy has become quite popular lately
in the irl and was having
quite a few numbers on his part Agustín
51 who is in belu although he is not
actively playing says that he
finds himself more entertained and that he
feels like enjoying the
content of others, such as
Vegeta, Willy and others more than playing
himself, since right now there is a lot of
movement within bellum and he does not feel like
being involved in the middle, because in
fact without being involved there are
many people who are attacking him,
taking things from him and therefore he
prefers, well, right now, to keep
a low profile, which by the way, by the
way, you know that I am not in belum, I
mean because I am not in bellum, you
know, well, let's see if I am in bellum
but I am not playing. Not because I do not
like the project because it seems like a great
project but because I have not found
a team to play Venom on and to play
alone. Well, I have preferred to take advantage and
see it from the outside, I am seeing
everything from the outside because in the end I am a
content creator, I am interested, I am
seeing all the roles, Vegeta, Willy,
all those people, messing it up a
lot. Well, from the  toxicity that
the vellum is seeing that I don't know if it's been coming in
lately I suppose that it's
raining on me even hating meade from
years ago because in the end the accounts that are
dedicated to throwing hate on Twitter and the
accounts that are dedicated to toxicity
both on YouTube and anywhere
have me as an individual well not very
pleasant not for that because I have
said many times that for garbage content
and that for me well it is not an
informative coverage at any time but rather they
are videos that are taxing and that
obviously
strike against the integrity of many
creators and such so one more day where there is
a ton of internet content
I know I know that it is difficult to compete
against a lot of internet content I
know I am a content creator and for
example right now even being the creator
of my own content I feel like not
creating content because there is so much
content that I want to consume from the
content platform that I
usually consume to consume content
well obviously I know that a live stream of mine does not
contribute to levels Wow
the [ __ ] night I know that but
still A little bit of fortnite does
not hurt either non-sexual [ __ ] day
watching rust So if you come here  I
asked you for a pair of
really cool Fortnite Battle Royale legs, it's
not a problem at night doing
long streams, that's why I know that
right now there's a lot when the
series ends where it brought together a million
content creators, thousands
of gossip and thousands of such are generated I know that this
content will once again take on a very
interesting value because
individual content is of quality lately on
Twitch quite quite scarce there won't be
five six seven that individually
can mark a series of
fun streams and such so I won't stop
for that very reason for that small Niche of
people who like to consume
individual streams and streams that are
literally made configured and
made by me then there are a couple of
statements that have surprised me just
a little bit just a little bit okay And he
says that he has never criticized or well
no, he has never insulted any
partner from any platform
answer yourselves and put in the
comment box some things that
come to mind okay I'm not going to
say it I'm going to say it You guys
in my life in my life have I insulted a
content creator in my life and he also
claims that  people should not be
canceled on the internet and much less
hated unless it is something super serious
that has crossed the line of a crime
in today's society. I believe that
haters do not exist, there are fanatics who are very
sad with their lives I swear to you, no, I do not
believe that a person will ever do
anything in life if they do something in life
for which they truly have to be
hated, canceled, they are in jail, you know,
like, you rob someone, you kill someone, you
cross the thin line of committing an
illegality, they take you to, you don't have a lawyer, they
[ __ ] you, you know, and you end up in jail,
of course, there I understand a hater that you
hater in jail but
content creators and I will never understand that, I will
understand it, I understand it as
frustrated people, people who are lovers of the
world and instead of falling in love
with someone, they can't get to fall in love with
someone from the bad life that has to
fall with a person,
you, if you disliked me as much as you say
you do, you don't come to my channel to
tell me anything, do you understand, you don't dislike me that much
or  sea ​​reconsider it you don't dislike me enough for you to
put me in the chat
crybaby for some reason Abi When
the controversy started he retired from bellum
and stopped playing and he didn't even want to get
too wet on the subject even though
all his friends were defending the
truck [ __ ] it's
you you haven't done anything
but I wake up I woke up yesterday
super late also I fell asleep
peacefully in bed resting
because I'm exhausted and now I'm
trending and I say I was here what have I
done I don't understand anything anymore how can it
be how can this event be he
has also asked in his chat not to make
dark humor jokes making certain
references I think in a
somewhat sarcastic way please don't make
jokes I
translate for those who don't know English no
Jiji Haha about x issues because Jiji
Haha let's see if they're going to happen to me Now we do
n't want
capichi here okay I don't want to be Pete I don't
want to be PT here I don't
want to be harassed we already know how this
works this matter no So in
this chat we behave yes chat
we are super civil calm dark humor
we don't like that we would make jokes about
such serious things and then she clarifies that in
the world of youtubers they have
all gone crazy And that everyone has lost their
minds She claims that creators should take into
account that there is a world after
tweets
just in case no I don't have much to
say either, I mean you know what I think I've
also realized watching many
streamers clips and such that everyone
is crazy, I mean I feel like
everyone has gone crazy I'm not talking about
Beijing I'm talking about weakness all the
streamers to everyone would be
completely flapa and I feel that
people the ones who really should
try to have groups of friends and people
outside of Twitch because I feel it's not
bad eh but I feel like there are people who
are so wrapped up in Twitch
Twitch Twitch and all they talk about are their
numbers and such that they forget that
we live in a world with normal people and
that the world outside of tweets you know Hello
And she also comments that she continues to lose
followers in a sack and that she doesn't know when
this bleeding will stop she attributes it to the fact that she
gained a lot of followers from karcher she
is losing followers by  the
auron issue because to this day they are
still escaping many followers of
auron who have realized How is it because
indirectly she is also
losing followers she is impressive I do not
stop downloading
at some point the interactions are
exactly the same but only the
number goes down is that the [ __ ] uncle had been
vaccinated but every day more loved I
rent they realize without using that they are
eliminated I do not know that many or rather it is that
both on tiktok and on instagram Sorry
Boom When I started dating with cancer
then I understand that the people who
are giving me a follow let
me explain I have explained graphically I was
going to go on his live he had criticizing and
complaining that the lvp
disqualified his team as if he
had lost a game koi for not being
able to connect to the
riot servers since they had lost the
internet connection which is already bad
luck it is a [ __ ] But well they
had to disqualify them after
having announced that the game was canceled
or that they had given them up for
lost then it turns out that the lvp
changed their minds and they did
allow him to play which is where it goes  and it
seems quite strange to him or at least
that it was quite strange to say it
after they had already announced the
elimination and it was something that I still don't fully
understand, really, it seems to me, it seems like
a joke, it seems like a joke.
But well, they don't do it with bad
intentions, it's clear, we had internet problems
in the afternoon, the
internet problems meant that when we got back to
internet, the tournament server didn't work for us.
And then since the
LoL tournament server wasn't working for us, the VP
gave us the game as if we hadn't
shown up and told us that we lost without
playing, so it's quite strange to
give a victory to a team, I mean, it
's a quite drastic decision, but
well, we can't do anything about this. I
mean, honestly, there will be people who believe it
because they think that I've gone crazy and
that I've made eight calls and what,
threatened to kill the cat of the
president of the LVP. Well, the truth is that I have
n't done anything, I mean, I haven't sent
an email or sent any messages, they have
explained the situation and its context to me a little bit,
and I said, Well, that's it, we ca
n't do much more, so
from here on, well, that's it,
if he really had problems today,  the
time to enter the riot server
because of the riot servers
this match may be replayed that
's what I told you I told you
guys you made an official statement
saying that we lost the match
Movistar Riders posted a tweet saying
that they won the match
honestly for me it's the
lost match and that's it and there's no more drama
but I think that now playing this is a
little uncomfortable I think that playing this is
a little uncomfortable not that right now or
when you've already said that you lost
a match to play it It's weird fix9ine and
jailyn I hope she pronounces herself like that but they
are two very well-known singers my
editor will be putting pictures on
screen so that I make a little less of
a fool of myself It turns out that there are
quite a few rumors that these two are having an affair
what's going on because this
jaily is very good friends with Gary who you already know is
not the smartest of Look, I don't
want to be disrespectful I don't want her to
take it the wrong way but it's been with
naín let's see It's that the girl doesn't look the
most [ __ ] in the world she
called me stupid without meaning to  call me stupid
the point is that well in case you're not
used to the girl how the
internet works they hit her in the chat of a
live today giving her to understand that
these two had confirmed the relationship
look what they gave to such Look
how nice the gift that six has given
to jailyn and Jerry has fallen for it and has followed
the roll he has fallen for all the baiting and has
leaked confirming that these two are
together I mean he has confirmed right in front of his
face the relationship of two famous people who
were hiding it from public life
How good that they already published that they are now
so they are now together the truth is I
knew it before you guys Obviously
because it had gotten personal to me and well I just
have to say and that it burns him that Anuel burns him
when he realized the perkara
dear how to hide it but it
seems to me only it seems to me it was a
little late How great that they are being
friends that Yailin has someone with whom to
share her happiness and her tranquility
I am not confirming anything nor
can I sign anything but but
what you see is what there is I mean really
He looks like he is a great guy I who
knew him  I feel like he's a very
nice guy, very cool, very humble,
especially with what characterizes
us as Mexicans, he's a great guy
and the little bit that we got to spend time with, he
seemed like a very nice guy to me and let him
endure. Whoever has to endure, let him
endure. I
'm not saying anything or that they're a
couple or anything because it's not something
that I can sign, I don't know, I mean, the
only thing I know is that well, he was a
very cool guy and that, well, I suppose that he has
been with her and well, she's very
happy and that's what matters and don't even
ask me anything anymore, let him endure, let him endure
and whoever can't endure it, can go
to hell. I think Yailín doesn't deserve more
mockery and more accusations because the
only thing she's done is worry
about herself and her family, which is something that
others. Well, I don't think they're doing
on their part. There's merlano who
tells me, I don't know if I'm understanding
correctly, that Six Nine is Anuel's enemy,
put yourself in the comments box, I'll
answer you, okay, I missed it, this
context. Aida merlano didn't want to
miss the opportunity to make fun of it
and  laughing half joking half mocking half
laughing half laughing at
these circumstances and my friend Yailín
told me that she had that pee but big that
gives her some your visa
but I'm not confirming anything it's a
friendship that you are making I don't judge it
could be me
I am a workshop text and you doing a
Live and someone tells her as if she saw
the gift
without them having confirmed that they had
any relationship Jerry Body comes up
yes beautiful I love it because I
knew it a while ago
And then she turns around and people start
telling her they haven't confirmed anything and
she says I knew a friendship
but nobody
loved you that much no no
I don't know what you're going to do I don't know what you're
going to do But are you going to say that you
never met I don't know if you're going to say that you
were lost in the bazuco or that I
introduced you to Fallina Calderón and you confused them
and well family here we are leaving
the video for today that has not been
short at all I hope it has been to
your liking and I have not said it
enough at the beginning of the video I
remind you again to share subscribe
like  Congratulations to whoever
got the video game here on the
screen, I'll be showing you where to
redeem it in case you don't know and Hey,
put me in the comment box when
you play the video games because many times you
don't put anything There are many times when the one who
gets it doesn't show up If I see that
they subscribe Well, I'm not going to give
anything away If I see that a lot of people subscribe
With this video I'll make up some
more things Family, thank you very much from the bottom of my
heart for having come this far
Don't forget that we are here every
day more or less at the same time
until the next video
[Music]